Update contributing guidelines (#430)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/README.md

	git checkout foreman-css
	compass compile

## Contribution guidelines

Please read these guidelines before opening a Pull Request. For more information, see [Guidelines for Red Hat Documentation](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/).

### Variables

> The content in this repository is shared between the community Foreman docs and the Red Hat Satellite docs.

Reviewer: ATIX will also be adding content and are using it, so perhaps leave it a bit open to Foreman, Satellite, and anyone else who would like to use and contribute to these docs.

Reviewer 2: Something like:

```suggestion
The content in this repository is not just for the upstream Foreman community but is also used in branded downstream products such as Red Hat Satellite and ATIX Orcharino.
```

@maximiliankolb I'd appreciate a look at the ATIX note.

Reviewer 3: I'd suggest `orcharhino by ATIX`.

When doing review, consider checking out the topic branch and putting necessary changes on top of author's work to making many comments on github.

> Avoid using phases like "Starting from version 6.5 or 1.22" because it is not possible to easily translate these strings in both the streams.

Reviewer 3: What does "both" refer to? RH Satellite & Foreman? If so, maybe say something like "all streams".
